In the story i created, the ncr was able to sucessfully repel the attack made by the legion during the second battle of Hoover Dam. they accomplished this with the help of the upgraded army of securitrons from Mister House, led by the Courier, who used the platinum chip to upgrade the securitrons OS's from Mk 1 to Mk 2. However, the empire of Mister House and his plans for mankind were never completed, because the Courier used his influence to dethrone House from his post, thus liberating New Vegas from his regime. After the battle, the Courier was able to make a deal with the NCR, this agreement would ensure that Vegas would remain independant as long as the NCR could maintain control over the Dam and keep their troops stationed
in the area. A new system of administration was created for New Vegas, this new government was a pseudo-democratic system. First it was convoked a reunion in which the influential factions of New Vegas sent representatives to discuss the terms of an alliance and the creation of a council. After that it was created the official New Vegas Conclave, or NVC for short, this body of people would ensure that the main leaders from the various "civilized" factions of the Vegas area could resolve any issues with a diplomatic and political approach. Whenever a important matter would appear, the members of the NBC would meet to determine a set of possible resolutions. This collection of decisions would then be revealed to the public and the one that was best accepted by the citizens of Vegas would be officialy adopted. This system was supported by the army of securitrons, which was led by the Courier, who was the appointed military leader of the NVC.


However, while the people of New vegas were trying to recover and prosper, the Legion ,who was forced to retreat to their conquered territory after the second battle of Hoover Dam and the death of Legate Lanius, was also developing a new strategy to take control of the entire southwest region. To do this they began sending spies and conducting reconnaissance missions of the territory. They discovered that The NCR was actually getting weaker due management issues and internal conflicts. it was clear, to really kill the bear they must isolate him and prevent him from getting his nourishment so he weakens, so they can finally act quickly and violently to end its life. The plan was settled, however, there was a problem, a major problem that could actually mean the end of the Legion, Caesar was sick, his conditon got worse due to the stress he suffered from the battle, this could never become public or else the enemies of the Legion could exploit this weakeness, theey needed to first find a suitable substitute in case Caesar could not survive, only then hey could execute their plan
