This is the story i'm currently writing, but i can easily stop writing this and begin writing the other one, i can reuse a lot of content from here, mostly because the stories happen on the same region. So in the southwest, after the battle of Hover Dam, the Legion lost it again, forcing them to retreat to their already conquered territory, the legion remmants that survived the battle tried regrouping, but the efforts of the NCR against their plans posed a very powerful threat, so most of those that survived  either left to wander the wastes,got captured or formed "tribes" to "try" and live peacefully, however there were still those fiercely loyal to Caesar and this are the ones that still do anything to haras sthe NCR and their people. This posed am even greater problem than it should, since the NCR was having problems in their main territory in the southwest, specially on california.the NCR had to deal with the tension between the Bishop family and The Van Graffs family, both of which are fighting to gain control of the territory, not to mention the insatisfaction of the people under NCR juristiction, that complain about safety issues regarding the roads and excessive taxes. Recently,however, things began to become more dire than ever and with the NCR distracted, strange things started happening, super mutants started organazing themselves  in an unusual way, their attacks became more frequent and ferocious and people could not understand the why, but to some it was a revelation, to them it could only mean one thing, the descendants of the children of the cathedral knew this sign, there was no doubt...deep within the ruins of the West Tek labs, an ominous influence arise from the ashes of the old This is the story i'm currently writing, but i can easily stop writing this and begin writing the other one, i can reuse a lot of content from here, mostly because the stories happen on the same region. So in the southwest, after the battle of Hover Dam, the Legion lost it again, forcing them to retreat to their already conquered territory, the legion remmants that survived the battle tried regrouping, but the efforts of the NCR against their plans posed a very powerful threat, so most of those that survived  either left to wander the wastes,got captured or formed "tribes" to "try" and live peacefully, however there were still those fiercely loyal to Caesar and this are the ones that still do anything to haras sthe NCR and their people. This posed am even greater problem than it should, since the NCR was having problems in their main territory in the southwest, specially on california.the NCR had to deal with the tension between the Bishop family and The Van Graffs family, both of which are fighting to gain control of the territory, not to mention the insatisfaction of the people under NCR juristiction, that complain about safety issues regarding the roads and excessive taxes. Recently,however, things began to become more dire than ever and with the NCR distracted, strange things started happening, super mutants started organazing themselves  in an unusual way, their attacks became more frequent and ferocious and people could not understand the why, but to some it was a revelation, to them it could only mean one thing, the descendants of the children of the cathedral knew this sign, there was no doubt...deep within the ruins of the West Tek labs, an ominous influence arise from the ashes of the old world, a man, an entity, a god. Willaim Baker was born in 2145, ever since the beginning he was different... their parents said he was special, the little boy however, did not understand why people were scared of him the other kids would bully him violently, just because of his "gift" the little child could see and feel things no one else could, he could read minds and make animals docile, he was a psyker and even though the boy hated being different, this "gift" would save his life. By the year of 2153, his village got attacked by a horde of super mutants under the guide of the Master, the brutal creatures slaughtered everyone, little billy was extremelly scared and could not understand what was happening, he just wanted to be safe, however, despite his prayers and pleas, he was finally found by a super mutant, the giant creature grabed him by the arm and violently knocked him out. He woke up in a strange place, he did not understand why he was spared, he only wished to see his parents, but something happend, a voice echoed in his head, "Can you listen to me little one?" he couldn't see anyone near him and he became scared, but, at the same time, he felt strangely calm, the more the voice spoke, the more peaceful he became - "Those ignorant fools, they don't know the value of special people, their impulsive and violent nature only makes them destroy things that are different than them..."  - , the boy started feeling dizzy, but good, he could not describe his feelings anymore - "You're special, you know that right? Don't worry, we shall make good use of your talents, you do wish for the fight to end right? You do wish to feel safe?" - he couldn't answear, but it was like that "thing" that was talking to him could read him like an open book, he could no longer stay awake, so he passed out. When he woke up he was feeling strange, a sudden burst of information quickly passed through his mind, so powerful that he lost balance, however, for the first time he felt like he was in control, he didn't felt scared or angry anymore, he was at peace. Time have passed and more and more the boy learned how to control his powers, he wasn't bothered by the mutants anymore, in fact he started feeling safe with them around, things were doing great, he still missed his parents however, he didn't stop thinking of them not even for one day, but he was sure they would be happy to see him grow up  and accepted. In the year 2161 everything changed, a group of tribals bursted through the facility, killing all the mutants and rushing inside, he felt scared again, it was just like last time when he was abducted, he could not act, he just ran and hid. When he was shaking, hat voice, that familiar voice that made him feel peaceful spoke through his head again -"Perhaps it should be better if you just ran, you're our hope, in case the savages can destroy me, you can rebuild what i created" - sudently he felt calm again, he acted quickly and escaped the facility undetected, when out, he just ran without looking back, it was like something was "pushing" him foward. When he became aware of his situation he was in the middle of the wastes, alone, unsafe, he did not know what to do, he wandered and wandered, until he could not feel his feet anymore, he was so tired,so hungry, he just colapsed. When he woke up he was at a bed, a women dressed in white told him that a group of caravans brought him back, he was at Shady Sands. He was still recovering from his injuries, however, it wasn't his body that was broken, but his mind, he could not believe that he lost another home, he was devasted. Everything was so surreal, he didn't feel like he was really there, however something happend, he heard inside his head - "You did it, you escaped, don't worry, i'm with you now, we are one, you will never be alone anymore..." -  he felt safe again, as the voice whispered -"We shall create a new world together, don't worry, i will guide you" - he knew what he needed to do, so he just left, to start again...